hello this is chef john from food
whooshes comm with inside out grilled
cheese sandwich actually should be
called inside and out grilled cheese
because we have cheese in the inside as
you can see but we also have crispy
crunchy caramelized cheese on the
outside this is the ultimate grilled
cheese sandwich I'm gonna show you how
to make it take some real butter melted
in a pan you're gonna need a nice
nonstick pan for this and I don't know
why people try to spread cold butter
when they make these things and they
tear up the bread melt the butter in the
pan much easier by the way there's only
one choice for grilled cheese that of
course is white bread check the
ingredient label you want to make sure
there's no fiber save your wheat bread
for the turkey sandwiches and there's
only one cheese extra sharp cheddar
cheese I know I know what about American
cheese I said there's only one cheese
for this sandwich that of course is not
cheese I'm using grated just because I
had it but this will work with slices of
cheddar also so we put our portion
inside we flip the top over now that top
was just in that hot pan so I'm gonna
put some additional grated cheddar on
top of that the heat from that butter is
gonna melt the cheese slightly I'm gonna
add a little more butter to the pan I'm
gonna flip it over so the cheese is down
and I'm gonna do the same thing to this
side about a tablespoon or so of grated
cheese and basically we're gonna toast
that slowly I'm on medium-low heat you
don't wanna go too high here you don't
want the cheese to burn you want it to
get crispy and caramelized alright so it
was about three or four minutes on that
side I flip it over so I can crisp up
the other sides cheese and you can hear
how crispy that gets it really is just
truly amazing you know they have cheese
that drips from the pizza and kind of
burned onto the edge of the crust and
it's all crispy and crunchy and
delicious and everyone kind of you know
maneuvers to get that piece this is like
a whole sandwich of that effect
anyway there you go inside-out grilled
cheese sandwich I mean look at that
cheese on the inside crispy crunchy
cheese on the outside
this thing is cheesier than karaoke
night on Jersey Shore at one point I was
let's just say involved in a group of
cooks that we're not only hungry they
partook in things that made them extra
extra hungry they have given this
grilled cheese sandwich their stamp of
approval so you know it's got to be good
so anyway go to the site there's nine
ingredients its bread cheese and butter
it's a technique but go to the site
anyway and as always enjoy